license you have to have a lot in san jose a
perera
since they separate the chess player
who would say hararé
Add
when you find yourself working
in carmen piñero
executive vice president of the piñero group began its
statements on the occasion of the business lunch organized by joves
entrepreneurs on September 15
for the Madrid bank sponsor and for the organizing association itself
mouth of their representatives this type of meetings should continue to be carried out and
For this reason they wanted to announce a new agreement to extend the
at least one more year on the subject of meals after entrepreneurs always
liked it we think
the way they are done is neither lazy for all attendees
and the bank has valued the issue and we are going to continue this collaboration
for one or two with many more years we'll see
believes that the bank for which 6 has been
in this summer in exchange for hands percent is precious hunter of Gipuzkoa
Saint Sebastian
from the month of July film talked with product left behind
it is not historical because of the pressure an Andorran bank buys a Spanish one and not
vice versa
and in spite of that there is not the new property because it has also considered
that the subject of esporles entrepreneurs is a very interesting topic for us
and good percent already as a service we continued informed that we look for the
dessert
with great satisfaction 50 were novices with bathroom
they also demand to demerit which must be demanded to them closed deserts and
business neighbors that allow to continue abdomens
we fail to own this show it's idus that it's associated with another
they learn more efficient lecture
we have explained the sectarian priest of life has now given what
that follows is the concern Xerez and that that kick good prospects karadima
we plan to drag adam part freddy padilla
and for that task is monterrey is about if she was very misunderstood as the embodiment
piñero
the former executive vice president for being the first reuters we go
let's explain million is
already exists that separate company is formed and how much to the way
klitschko
the final
they were 100
thank you very much to avoid the shock
let's talk let's go to the reinventing workshop apple has created that
have
and that it is at least for this to learn something from my experience what good faith with
more or less no fuck
about 18 years in the company
and good wishes to contribute
my point of view before I start
since this month and the studies of pesetas I bought the family home
i
and well and it has been 18 years
by all departments short of view by born louisiana is new
and good and I will give you contributed contributed everything you can piñero incarnate
surprised the young entrepreneurs present not only for their animated talk
and his knowledge about his family business but also because of his great
naturalness
First of all he gave a lot of information about the piñero group
projecting a video that places everyone clearly on the structure of this
núñez
is one of the tourism companies
more difficult
advances
finish
While it is true
France
very many
télam
good we do not define ourselves as a great family sevilla
the family concept
state
those arrested has joined the company took staging the flags
I only have 40 years of career you have to pay the loan and green areas
cd I must say that Spain is the company I have four children three
sisters
here we are all your holy challenges
disappointed father president
from the vice president to my sisters
the issue is knowing that the flood is in the marketing department
and the whole part in the village throughout the efficient development
and even arming her is more in the back
acquire in having business knowledge
Chad
we have a very good relationship
we also have dozens of parents
although I am sometimes difficult it is very difficult to separate
the family part with the professional
we are a window open to the world
because in recent years percent
being in our
internationalization this output
bet market outside
both not only to look real to the world and other worlds to accommodate
the new technologies of
efe in him
procedures that help us improve costs makes it much more productive
more efficient
and that's why it's a bit never
the vexation that we like to be open have never been added to
new ideas already
and innovation
Towards the end of his speech he touched on themes of his family relationship and his
condition of a woman
that interested as much or more than the purely technical
that said female anastasija
I have four children, how did I do everything I can and massacre the
company started I have my family that had
but military
who has six years four years the child of the semester
karate Do
time to lose and canada
and well my family and my children my business father make up nothing of him
and well this is complicated economic situation and especially the country but
understands that it has been created in society
the small man's role very important in the family and then
they come from a woman they understand but it demands much more when it's good
I have my also would say that my house i after a short time lost
and that's a cradle a point that we
we have it three weeks ago after part of
the solution